It's you. I'm looking for Director Guy
I'm not looking for you, Lawyer Tang, I know
But Director Guy is gone now
You don't know anyone else except me now
Hey, do you want me to introduce you to a few?
What kind do you want?
Do you want to be obedient, gentle or refreshing?
No need.
I'm leaving now wait
There are some things I didn't want to say
You see this and that day by day
Are you finished picking and picking?
I suggest it.
You go straight to a psychiatrist
Anyway, you have money
You can pay him to complain
There's a comfortable chair to lie on
Lawyer Tang?
I really want a divorce
Whether you want a divorce or not is your business.
No one else can help you make up your mind
But you come and go like this every day
It's not your own time that you're wasting.
It's lawyer time
I know I know ok
You can go back and continue to think about it.
Oh, Lawyer Tang?
Long time no see.
I noticed that you have changed a lot
What has changed?
Isn't Lawyer Tang always talking a lot?
No. What is it?
I don't know.
just
You don't seem to be the same as before
Okay, let's go back quickly, so as not to delay you from finding a lawyer.
What's going on?
Why is it like a mouse met a cat?